<b>WELCOME STATEMENTS<b>

<b>From Gráinne de Búrca, New York University, and Ran Hirschl, University of Toronto & University of Göttingen, Co-Presidents, ICON•S, the International Society of Public Law<b>

We are delighted to extend a warm welcome to all of the participants in the 2018 Annual Meeting of ICON•S, the International Society of Public Law. This year’s Annual Meeting will be the first to take place outside of Europe and North America since the foundation of the Society in 2013. We are particularly happy that it is taking place in Asia, a vast and crucial continent with so much to offer to public law scholarship and practice. The meeting coincides with the 50th anniversary of Hong Kong University Law Faculty, one of the foremost law faculties in Asia and the world. It takes place at a time of continuing global and domestic political turbulence and uncertainty, making the mission of ICON•S to promote the interdisciplinary study of public law at the local, national, regional and global levels ever more crucial. This year, the panels, roundtables and plenary events address the overarching theme of “Identity, Security, Democracy: Challenges for Public Law” and a wide range of other topics central to public law scholarship and practice today. We are deeply grateful to our Hong Kong hosts for their immense hard work, vision and energy in putting together such an ambitious and exciting event, and we thank our sponsors for their generous support. Finally and most importantly, we thank all ICON•S members for once again responding with overwhelming positivity and enthusiasm to the call for papers, and for attending the conference in such healthy numbers. We are grateful for your interest, time and commitment to promoting the growth and vitality of the Society and its annual conference. We are delighted to present what we believe is a truly exciting, diverse and intellectually rewarding conference program featuring academics, lawyers and public intellectuals from a range of disciplines and from all parts of the globe. We wish all of you a very enjoyable and enriching conference! 

<b>From Michael Hor, Dean of Faculty of Law, The University of Hong Kong<b>

It is a great privilege and honour for our Faculty of Law at the University of Hong Kong to host this year’s ICON•S Conference to mark the beginning of the celebration of our 50th Anniversary. Our law school, founded in 1969, is the first among the three law schools that now exist in Hong Kong. It has educated generations of graduates who have become Hong Kong’s lawyers, judges, legal scholars, politicians and other movers and shakers. It has witnessed many legal, political and socioeconomic changes in this cosmopolitan city, which is now the home of more than seven million residents. Hong Kong achieved spectacular economic growth in the 1960s and 1970s and became one of the “Four Little Dragons” of East Asia, together with Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan. As the era of “reform and opening” began in China in the late 1970s, Hong Kong served as China's window to international business and a bridge between China and the West. With the signing of the Sino-British Joint Declaration of 1984, Hong Kong entered its political transition from a British colony to a Special Administrative Region (SAR) of the People's Republic of China. The SAR was duly established in 1997; it celebrated its 20th anniversary last year. 

We hope participants at this conference can experience first-hand the vitality and richness of Hong Kong's life under the constitutional experiment known as “One Country, Two Systems”, designed to confer on Hong Kong a high degree of autonomy under Chinese sovereignty and to enable it to maintain its Common Law-based legal system. “Identity, Security, Democracy: Challenges for Public Law” was chosen as the theme of this Conference because Asian public law in recent decades has been confronted with complex issues of identity, security and democracy. Indeed, Asia is not alone in facing these challenges. They are global in nature. We hope that the sharing of experience, wisdom and insights at this Conference can contribute to the continuing international dialogue on how public law can and should develop in response to the challenges of new global economic, technological, social and ideological forces.
